all right guys these are the switch
cancels that I've come up with they are
not very rewarding as you can see you
max damage on the right size for 32 I
don't know why I pick all these fucking
5050 low health low damage output
characters but that's just what I'm
attracted to I guess when I kick your
ass with these characters is so much
more rewarding than anyway let's get
down to it as you can see the gems at
the bottom are have been used so that
you know you can see the potential of a
combo holy shit there smack it
now you do a lot more in this game you
know I'm saying like it's crazy like I'm
gonna I'm gonna go into super say yeah
she's insane
so I mean it does worry the most i've
done with this is into super that's the
most i've done with it so far just
because i want to get that guaranteed
damage that's it did 409 close round
house and you can jump cancel it into
like maybe across up he said I'm saying